Update o365-data-locations.md (#7128)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/o365-data-locations.md

### How does Microsoft define data?

> Review our [definitions for different types of data](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=864390) on the Microsoft Trust Center. In the [Microsoft Online Services Terms](https://www.microsoft.com/licensing/terms/product/PrivacyandSecurityTerms/all), Microsoft makes contractual commitments regarding customer data/your data. We refer to core customer data as the customer data that is committed to be stored at rest only within your region according to the [Microsoft Online Services Terms](https://www.microsoft.com/licensing/terms/product/PrivacyandSecurityTerms/all).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review our [definitions for different types of data](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=864390) on the Microsoft Trust Center. In the [Privacy & Security Terms](https://www.microsoft.com/licensing/terms/product/PrivacyandSecurityTerms/all), Microsoft makes contractual commitments regarding customer data/your data. We refer to core customer data as the customer data that is committed to be stored at rest only within your region according to the [Privacy & Security Terms](https://www.microsoft.com/licensing/terms/product/PrivacyandSecurityTerms/all).
```
